---
published: false
layout: post
title: Insert your title here
allow_comments: "true"
who: vince
bio: Insert your snippet here
---

Making sure your temporary music choice stays temporary by using the Synkio community.

Temp love. Temporary Love. We should know better. The clue is in the name, it's 'Temporary...' 

Early in a production, you use a temporary piece of music to help shape your visual edit. You start with a song that has worked in the past, or just something that is readily available and feels like it fits the mood of the shot. It's a band-aid that holds together the production as you move closer to a final edit and search for the music that you'll eventually use... but then, something horrible happens. You fall in love.  

Like an inadvisable lover, the temporary music becomes a fixture in the living room and you start to cherish it. You smile as a hard edit lands on the first note of the chorus. You brim with excitement as the emotion of the backing vocals lift with your characters expression... 'I know it's lazy and obvious and way too expensive... but that drum fill really works'. You are infatuated. 

This is a big part of the Synkio wheelhouse. Synkio puts you in touch with a community of musicians, songwriters and composers, they're like the temporary relationship therapists. They've been there too, and they love the music just as much as you do. They get what makes it great, but with a key difference, they make all kinds of other music which shares similar attributes, and they can make suggestions for your edit. The backing vocals that leap with emotion on your temporary love track might sound just like the backing vocals of a new artist doing the festival circuit. That's because often, they're the same singers! The Synkio community gets into the detail of music and can find or create just what you need.

They have the knowledge - they know which producer made each track, what else they've worked on, what their new tracks are doing. That's where Synkio shines. The Synkio music community includes the OCD/ADD/OMG music people, the songwriters, producers and composers. They live and breathe this stuff and they will passionately create (or suggest) the right music for your needs. Hell, sometimes you'll find the very same music producer who made the record that you love. Imagine if this service existed for dating sites. Goodbye synch love. Hello edit matrimony. I now pronounce you production team and final edit.